sup YouTube is k-pop Chester with you
guys and I'm here new MV teaser reaction
to Cara um if you've been wondering why
I was been I've been gone for a few days
or so because um I had to take my
analyst which is basically a life-saving
thing so I passed it today and uh yeah
here's the sticker thing that we go with
it also certificate but nothing to show
you guys that but yeah I'm a lifeguard
house hey but um anyhow I feel like shit
right now like tis get to be in the
water so much for the past week for like
hours and stuff and going in and out and
the hot tub and stuff all the frequent
like temperature changes I feel like
shit right now I don't know I need some
I need some car or basically to like you
know I swear I I feel like but if i look
at this teaser I'll magically like
recover like in those enemies you know
when usually when the character grabs
the girl's chest area he just magically
recovers so that's what I'm good you
know cloak close enough close enough
watching one of your favorite groups
come back with MV teaser cure to
everything alright so without further
ado let us start this o hara nicole yes
Sonya oh my god
goddess Gauri's she got a security she
really looks like a goddess honestly she
really does geo mmm mmm this fierce
concept it looks freaking awesome that
that was fucking awesome that was
awesome it's like a fierce kind of
concept to it i really love it um I
think they're gonna be great with this
um I know the teaser photos kind of
reminded me of like love tension from
four minute so I guess that's why I kind
of mind me of that but hey I feel like
I'm better already um not really I still
feel like shit but I'm anyhow comment on
your thoughts of what you think how good
you think um this comeback seem to be um
do you think they'll go up to
expectations um I think should be an
awesome song personally I have no
complaints on it so far I hope it's a
really good song probably like step or
like looping me maybe even it's a more
like fierce concept is probably a lot of
more fierce kind of song but um I'm
excited Cara's awesome there one my
favorite girl groups in kpop so all
camellias United and uh yeah i'll share
i'm gonna sneeze uh I'm good